# Copy-of-Hackathon-Project-EA1-
EA1 Assignment. Explanation of our project from crimson hackathon.

  For the 2026 Crismon Hackathon, my team and I were tasked to build a software application that fit the theme 'Reinventing the wheel'. Based on that theme, we had to either place a unique twist on a proven concetp or come up with a completely new idea to approaching a problem. We also had to implement a new ideas into our project. My team and I decided to create a demo fitness that determines a users ideal workout plan. To match the theme 'Reinvent the wheel', we focused on redesigning how workout plans are planned based on them on the user situation instead of using the common workout plans that simply target specific muscles. The app considers factors such as budget, available equipment, mobility, and fitness level to determine the kind of workout they should perform. In making the project, our team to had make several decision to make the project possible. One of them was deciding the kind of machine learning model we wanted to use that would best fit our project. Since our plan is based on categoral data, we decided to use a K-Mode clustering model. 
  My role in the team was to create a demo version of the applications user interface. I had to learn how to use Python GUI libraries to collect user input and connect it to my teams backend logic. A challenge I faced during the project was adapting to the language python for it was my first time using it. Faced a lot of sytnax errors and problem in installing and using GUI libraries. Also faced problem in setting a python environment on my computer. Despite these challenges, I was able to build a working demo of the user interface that could take user input and connect it to the backend to produce results
  In the end, we were only able to createa a gist of what our project was planned to be. We were not able to implement all of the additional questions, polish the user interface nor generate a detailed workout plan. Instead, the demo focused on demonstrating our concept by recommending the type of workout a user should perform based on their answers to our questions. 
  If I were to redo this event, I would have spent time learning Python before attending the event and made sure to get enough sleep before and during the hackathon to think and work better. 

